"Welcome" is a powerful word.
A dubious friend may be an enemy in camouflage.
A feather in the hand is better than a bird in the air.
A fresh start will put you on your way.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
A friend is a present you give yourself.
A gambler not only will lose what he has, but also will lose what he doesn't have.
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.
A good time to finish up old tasks.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
A light heart carries you through all the hard times.
A new perspective will come with the new year.
A person is never to old to learn.
A person of words and not deeds is like a garden full of weeds.
A pleasant surprise is waiting for you.
A smile is your personal welcome mat.
A smooth long journey! Great expectations.
A soft voice may be awfully persuasive.
A truly rich life contains love and art in abundance.
Accept something that you cannot change, and you will feel better.
Adventure can be real happiness.
Advice is like kissing. It costs nothing and is a pleasant thing to do.
Advice, when most needed, is least heeded.
All the effort you are making will ultimately pay off.
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
All will go well with your new project.
All your hard work will soon pay off.
Allow compassion to guide your decisions.
An agreeable romance might begin to take on the appearance.
An important person will offer you support.
An inch of time is an inch of gold.
Be careful or you could fall for some tricks today.
Beauty in its various forms appeals to you.
Because you demand more from yourself, others respect you deeply.
Believe in yourself and others will too.
Believe it can be done.
Better ask twice than lose yourself once.
Carve your name on your heart and not on marble.
Change is happening in your life, so go with the flow!
Competence like yours is underrated.
Congratulations! You are on your way.
Could I get some directions to your heart?
Courtesy begins in the home.
Courtesy is contagious.
Curiosity kills boredom. Nothing can kill curiosity.
Dedicate yourself with a calm mind to the task at hand.
Depart not from the path which fate has you assigned.
Determination is what you need now.
Disbelief destroys the magic.
Distance yourself from the vain.
Do not be intimidated by the eloquence of others.
Do not let ambitions overshadow small success.
Do not make extra work for yourself.
Do not underestimate yourself. Human beings have unlimited potentials.
Don't be discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.
Don't confuse recklessness with confidence.
Don't just spend time. Invest it.
Don't just think, act!
Don't let friends impose on you, work calmly and silently.
Don't let the past and useless detail choke your existence.
Don't let your limitations overshadow your talents.
Don't worry; prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Each day, compel yourself to do something you would rather not do.
Education is the ability to meet life's situations.
Emulate what you admire in your parents.
Emulate what you respect in your friends.
Every flower blooms in its own sweet time.
Every wise man started out by asking many questions.
Everyday in your life is a special occasion.
Failure is the chance to do better next time.
Feeding a cow with roses does not get extra appreciation.
For hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is conquered by love.
Fortune Not Found: Abort, Retry, Ignore?
From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.
From now on your kindness will lead you to success.
Get your mind set -- confidence will lead you on.
Go take a rest; you deserve it.
Good news will be brought to you by mail.
Good news will come to you by mail.
Good to begin well, better to end well.
Happiness begins with facing life with a smile and a wink.
Happiness will bring you good luck.
Happy life is just in front of you.
Hard words break no bones, fine words butter no parsnips.
Have a beautiful day.
He who expects no gratitude shall never be disappointed.
He who knows he has enough is rich.
Help! I'm being held prisoner in a chinese bakery!
How you look depends on where you go.
I learn by going where I have to go.
If a true sense of value is to be yours it must come through service.
If certainty were truth, we would never be wrong.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
If you look in the right places, you can find some good offerings.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be granted.
If your desires are not to extravagant they will be granted.
In order to take, one must first give.
In the end all things will be known.
It could be better, but its good enough.
It is better to deal with problems before they arise.
It is honorable to stand up for what is right, however unpopular it seems.
It is worth reviewing some old lessons.
It takes courage to admit fault.
It's time to get moving. Your spirits will lift accordingly.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you will never see shadows.
Let the world be filled with tranquility and goodwill.
Listen not to vain words of empty tongue.
Listen to everyone. Ideas come from everywhere.
Living with a commitment to excellence shall take you far.
Long life is in store for you.
Love is a warm fire to keep the soul warm.
Love is like sweet medicine, good to the last drop.
Love lights up the world.
Love truth, but pardon error.
Man is born to live and not prepared to live.
Many will travel to hear you speak.
Meditation with an old enemy is advised.
Miles are covered one step at a time.
Nature, time and patience are the three great physicians.
Never fear! The end of something marks the start of something new.
New ideas could be profitable.
New people will bring you new realizations, especially about big issues.
No one can walk backwards into the future.
Now is a good time to buy stock.
Now is the time to go ahead and pursue that love interest!
Now is the time to try something new.
Others can help you now.
Pennies from heaven find their way to your doorstep this year!
People are attracted by your delicate features.
People find it difficult to resist your persuasive manner.
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on saving.
Physical activity will dramatically improve your outlook today.
Place special emphasis on old friendship.
Please visit us at www.wontonfood.com
Practice makes perfect.
Protective measures will prevent costly disasters.
Put your mind into planning today. Look into the future.
Remember to share good fortune as well as bad with your friends.
Rest has a peaceful effect on your physical and emotional health.
Resting well is as important as working hard.
Romance moves you in a new direction.
Savor your freedom -- it is precious.
Say hello to others. You will have a happier day.
Self-knowledge is a life long process.
Share your joys and sorrows with your family.
Sloth makes all things difficult; industry all easy.
Small confidences mark the onset of a friendship.
Society prepares the crime; the criminal commits it.
Someone you care about seeks reconciliation.
Soon life will become more interesting.
Stand tall. Don't look down upon yourself.
Stop searching forever, happiness is just next to you.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Take care and sensitivity you show towards others will return to you.
Take the high road.
The austerity you see around you covers the richness of life like a veil.
The best prediction of future is the past.
The change you started already have far-reaching effects. Be ready.
The change you started already have far-reaching effects. Be ready.
The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell.
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
The night life is for you.
The one that recognizes the illusion does not act as if it is real.
The only people who never fail are those who never try.
The person who will not stand for something will fall for anything.
The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next.
The saints are the sinners who keep on trying.
The secret to good friends is no secret to you.
The small courtesies sweeten life, the greater ennoble it.
The smart thing to do is to begin trusting your intuitions.
The strong person understands how to withstand substantial loss.
The sure way to predict the future is to invent it.
The truly generous share, even with the undeserving.
The value lies not within any particular thing, but in the desire placed on that thing.
The weather is wonderful.
There is no mistake so great as that of being always right.
There is no wisdom greater than kindness.
There is not greater pleasure than seeing your lived ones prosper.
There's no such thing as an ordinary cat.
Things don't just happen; they happen just.
Those who care will make the effort.
Time and patience are called for many surprises await you!.
Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time.
To know oneself, one should assert oneself.
Today is the conserve yourself, as things just won't budge.
Today, your mouth might be moving but no one is listening.
Tonight you will be blinded by passion.
Use your eloquence where it will do the most good.
Welcome change.
Well done is better than well said.
What's hidden in an empty box?
What's yours in mine, and what's mine is mine.
When your heart is pure, your mind is clear.
Wish you happiness.
You always bring others happiness.
You are a person of another time.
You are a talented storyteller.
You are admired by everyone for your talent and ability.
You are almost there.
You are busy, but you are happy.
You are generous to an extreme and always think of the other fellow.
You are going to have some new clothes.
You are in good hands this evening.
You are modest and courteous.
You are never selfish with your advice or your help.
You are next in line for promotion in your firm.
You are offered the dream of a lifetime. Say yes!
You are open-minded and quick to make new friends.
You are solid and dependable.
You are soon going to change your present line of work.
You are talented in many ways.
You are the master of every situation.
You are very expressive and positive in words, act and feeling.
You are working hard.
You begin to appreciate how important it is to share your personal beliefs.
You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first.
You desire recognition and you will find it.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
You have a friendly heart and are well admired.
You have a shrewd knack for spotting insincerity.
You have a yearning for perfection.
You have an active mind and a keen imagination.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
You have an unusual equipment for success, use it properly.
You have exceeded what was expected.
You have the power to write your own fortune.
You have yearning for perfection.
You know where you are going and how to get there.
You look pretty.
You love challenge.
You love chinese food.
You make people realize that there exist other beauties in the world.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
You seek to shield those you love and like the role of provider.
You should be able to make money and hold on to it.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
You understand how to have fun with others and to enjoy your solitude.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
You will always get what you want through your charm and personality.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
You will be a great success both in the business world and society.
You will be blessed with longevity.
You will be successful in your work.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
You will be unusually successful in business.
You will become a great philanthropist in your later years.
You will become more and more wealthy.
You will enjoy good health.
You will enjoy good health; you will be surrounded by luxury.
You will find great contentment in the daily, routine activities.
You will have a fine capacity for the enjoyment of life.
You will have gold pieces by the bushel.
You will inherit a large sum of money.
You will make change for the better.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.
You will take a chance in something in near future.
You will travel far and wide, both pleasure and business.
Your abilities are unparalleled.
Your ability is appreciated.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
Your biggest virtue is your modesty.
Your character can be described as natural and unrestrained.
Your difficulties will strengthen you.
Your dreams are never silly; depend on them to guide you.
Your dreams are worth your best efforts to achieve them.
Your energy returns and you get things done.
Your family is young, gifted and attractive.
Your first love has never forgotten you.
Your happiness is before you, not behind you! Cherish it.
Your hard work will payoff today.
Your heart will always make itself known through your words.
Your home is the center of great love.
Your ideals are well within your reach.
Your infinite capacity for patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Your leadership qualities will be tested and proven.
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
Your life will get more and more exciting.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Your love of music will be an important part of your life.
Your loyalty is a virtue, but not when it's wedded with blind stubbornness.
Your mind is creative, original and alert.
Your mind is your greatest asset.
Your quick wits will get you out of a tough situation.
Your success will astonish everyone.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Your work interests can capture the highest status or prestige.
There is a true and sincere friendship between you and your friends.
You find beauty in ordinary things, do not lose this ability.
Ideas are like children; there are none so wonderful as your own.
It takes more than good memory to have good memories.
A thrilling time is in your immediate future.
Your blessing is no more than being safe and sound for the whole lifetime.
Plan for many pleasures ahead.
The joyfulness of a man prolongeth his days.
Your everlasting patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Make two grins grow where there was only a grouch before.
Something you lost will soon turn up.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
Excitement and intrigue follow you closely wherever you go!
A pleasant surprise is in store for you.
May life throw you a pleasant curve.
As the purse is emptied the heart is filled.
Be mischievous and you will not be lonesome.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
Your flair for the creative takes an important place in your life.
Your artistic talents win the approval and applause of others.
Pray for what you want, but work for the things you need.
Your many hidden talents will become obvious to those around you.
Don't forget, you are always on our minds.
Your greatest fortune is the large number of friends you have.
A firm friendship will prove the foundation on your success in life.
Don't ask, don't say. Everything lies in silence.
Look for new outlets for your own creative abilities.
Be prepared to accept a wondrous opportunity in the days ahead!
Fame, riches and romance are yours for the asking.
Good luck is the result of good planning.
Good things are being said about you.
Smiling often can make you look and feel younger.
Someone is speaking well of you.
The time is right to make new friends.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
A friend is a present you give yourself.
A member of your family will soon do something that will make you proud.
A quiet evening with friends is the best tonic for a long day.
A single kind word will keep one warm for years.
Anger begins with folly, and ends with regret.
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Happy news is on its way to you.
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.
If your desires are not extravagant they will be granted.
Let there be magic in your smile and firmness in your handshake.
If you want the rainbow, you must to put up with the rain.
Nature, time and patience are the three best physicians.
Strong and bitter words indicate a weak cause.
The beginning of wisdom is to desire it.
You will have a very pleasant experience.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
You will live a long, happy life.
You will spend old age in comfort and material wealth.
You will step on the soil of many countries.
You will take a chance in something in the near future.
You will witness a special ceremony.
Your everlasting patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Your great attention to detail is both a blessing and a curse.
Your heart is a place to draw true happiness.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
A friend asks only for your time, not your money.
You will be invited to an exciting event.
404: Fortune cookie message not found!
A cheerful letter or message is on its way to you.
A child is a fire ready to be lit.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
A closed mouth catches no flies.
A cynic is a person who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.
A day for firm decisions! Or is it?
A diversity of friends is a credit to your flexible nature.
A fresh start will put you on your way.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.
A half truth is a whole lie.
A man in love is incomplete until he has married. Then he's finished.
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs, and returns home to find it.
A meal without wine is like a day without sunshine.
A neat desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
A new perspective will come with the new year.
A new project will enliven your conversation.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you.
A pleasant surprise is waiting for you.
A signature always reveals a man's character... and sometimes even his name.
A stable house depends on solid foundations.
A sure cure for seasickness is to sit under a tree.
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.
A woman's mind is cleaner than a man's. She changes it more often.
Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties.
Act in hast, repent in leisure.
All men are mortal. Socrates was mortal. Therefore, all men are Socrates.
All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.
All will go well with your new project.
All your hard work will soon pay off.
All your hard work will soon pay off.
All your hopes, dreams and fears are the beginning of the future.
Always finish what you st...
Always laugh at yourself before others do.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Always try to make other people happy, even if you have to leave them alone to do it.
An agreeable romance might begin to take on the appearance.
An empty stomach is not a good political advisor.
An important person will offer you support.
An investment in the community will reap high returns of good will.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance. Be stingy with your anger.
Be careful of your thoughts, they may become words at any moment.
Be careful or you could fall for some tricks today.
Be direct, usually one can accomplish more that way.
Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home.
Beauty in its various forms appeals to you.
Beauty is only a light switch away.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes right to the bone.
Because you demand more from yourself, others respect you deeply.
Being number two sucks.
Believe it can be done.
Bend the willow while it is young.
Better poor, young and wise, than rich, old and a fool.
Better to live well than to live long.
Boomerangs are coming back.
Both folly and wisdom come upon us in years.
Cast no dirt in the well that gives you water.
Celebrate your identity by resisting categorization.
Change is happening in your life, so go with the flow!
Chopsticks are one of the reasons the Chinese never invented custard.
Competence like yours is underrated.
Confident people are able to laugh at themselves.
Congratulations! You are on your way.
Dedicate yourself with a calm mind to the task at hand.
Determination is what you need now.
Diplomacy is the art of saying "Nice doggie!"... till you can find a rock.
Do not be intimidated by the eloquence of others.
Do not confuse what is valuable with that which is sought after.
Do not let ambitions overshadow small success.
Do not make extra work for yourself.
Do something new today.
Don't be hasty, prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Don't confuse recklessness with confidence.
Don't corner something meaner than you.
Don't just think, act!
Don't let friends impose on you, work calmly and silently.
Don't let the past and useless detail choke your existence.
Don't let your limitations overshadow your talents.
Don't miss the beautiful colors of the rainbow looking for the pot of gold.
Don't worry; prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Eighty percent of success is just showing up.
Emulate what you admire in your parents.
Emulate what you respect in your friends.
Even if the voices aren't real, they still have some good ideas!
Every obnoxious act is a cry for help.
Everyone will be famous for 15 minutes.
Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes.
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
Faith is knowing there is an ocean because you have seen a stream.
Find a job you love and you'll never work a day in your life.
Follow the river and you will find the sea.
Forgive your enemies. It messes with their heads.
Fortune favors the brave.
From now on your kindness will lead you to success.
Get your mind set... confidence will lead you on.
Give yourself permission to celebrate.
Go take a rest; you deserve it.
Goals mean little without action.
Good news will be brought to you by mail.
Good news will come to you from far away.
Good things are being said about you.
Good wine makes a bad head and a good story.
Grant me patience, but please hurry.
Great thought comes from the heart.
Guns don't kill people. Bullets flying really really fast kill people.
Half of all doctors graduated in the bottom half of their class.
Happiness is a path, not a destination.
Happiness is liking what you get.
Happiness will bring you good luck.
Happy life is just in front of you.
Hard work has a future. Laziness pays off now.
Have a beautiful day.
Have confidence in your unusual perceptiveness.
He who cannot endure the bad will not live to see the good.
He who conducts his affairs based on advice found in cheap baked goods is a knucklehead.
He who dies with the most toys is nonetheless dead.
He who laughs last didn't understand the joke.
Help! I'm being held prisoner in a fortune cookie factory.
Hope is the denial of reality.
Hope you're not going home by car tonight... it's just been clamped.
How do you tell when you run out of invisible ink?
How high could you go if you knew you wouldn't fall?
I can see up your nose.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
I smile because I have no idea what's going on!
If a true sense of value is to be yours it must come through service.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success.
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving definitely isn't for you.
If everything seems to be going well, you've obviously overlooked something.
If it jams force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.
If it weren't for electricity we'd all be watching television by candlelight.
If study be neglected in youth, what will you do in old age?
If voting could really change things it would be illegal.
If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
If you can dream it, then you can achieve it.
If you can read this you don't need glasses.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
If you do not change the direction in which you are going, you will end up where you are headed.
If you don't take care of your customers and employees, someone else will.
If you look in the right places, you can find some good offerings.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
If you think nobody cares about you, try missing a couple of mortgage payments.
If your desires are not to extravagant they will be granted.
If your wife wants to learn to drive, don't stand in her way.
Ignorance is a powerful excuse.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Insanity is hereditary. You catch it from your kids.
Insecurity is your biggest hurdle.
Is knowledge knowable? If not, how do we know this?
It is an ill cook that cannot lick his own fingers.
It is easy to be wise after the event.
It is less painful to learn in youth than to be ignorant in age.
It is more noble to make yourself great than to be born so.
It is worth reviewing some old lessons.
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
It will get easier once you make the initial push.
It's a grand thing, to be loved! And a grander thing still, to love!
It's as bad as you think, and they are out to get you!
It's time to get moving. Your spirits will lift accordingly.
Just because you think you're paranoid. Doesn't mean someone isn't following you.
Keep your feet on the ground even though friends flatter you.
Keep your sense of humor; Always look to being number one.
Laugh at your problems: everyone else does.
Laugh in the face of danger, then hide until it goes away.
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
Laughter translates into any language.
Lead others to a difficult, but necessary, conclusion.
Let the world be filled with tranquility and goodwill.
Life is not about how fast you run, or how high you climb, but how well you bounce.
Listen to everyone. Ideas come from everywhere.
Living with a commitment to excellence shall take you far.
Look behind you.
Man who run in front of car get tired: man who run behind car get exhausted.
Man with one chopstick go hungry.
Many will travel to hear you speak.
Marriage is a wonderful invention; but, then again so is a bicycle repair kit.
Mediation with an old enemy is advised.
Meditation with an old enemy is advised.
Men love with their eyes; women love with their ears.
Money can't buy you happiness but it does bring you a more pleasant form of misery.
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
Most of the stuff people worry about never happens.
Nappies and politicians need to be changed... often for the same reasons.
Necessity never made a good bargain.
Never argue with an idiot. They drag you down to their level, then beat you with experience.
Never give up. And never, under any circumstances, face the facts.
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.
Never stand between a dog and the lamp post.
Never take a job where winter winds can blow up your trousers.
Never test the depth of water with both feet.
New ideas could be profitable.
New people will bring you new realizations, especially about big issues.
Nice to be here? At your age it's nice to be anywhere.
No man is the worse for knowing the worst of himself.
No one is listening until you make a mistake.
No one waits for yesterday.
No time like the present.
No wonder you always go home alone.
Now is a good time to buy stocks.
Now is the time to go ahead and pursue that love interest!
Now is the time to try something new.
One good turn gets most of the duvet.
One learns by failing.
One of your aspirations is within your grasp.
One the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down.
One who can speak, speaks of markets; one who can't speaks merely of household affairs.
Only the wisest and stupidest of men don't change.
Others can help you now.
Others want to enlist you for your valuable assistance.
Pennies from heaven will find their way to your doorstep this year!
People are attracted by you.
People find it difficult to resist your persuasive manner.
People who claim they don't let little things bother them have never slept in a room with a single mosquito.
People who say they are perfect have already proven themselves wrong.
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on saving.
Physical activity will dramatically improve your outlook today.
Place special emphasis on old friendship.
Protective measures will prevent costly disasters.
Put your mind into planning today. Look into the future.
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.
Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it doesn't go away.
Relief will be granted if you request it.
Remember that half the people you know are below average.
Remember to fulfill the promise you made to yourself.
Remember, no matter how hard you try, there is always about a million people better than you.
Resting well is as important as working hard.
Romance moves you in a new direction.
Say hello to others. You will have a happier day.
Seven days without laughter makes one weak.
Share your happiness with others today.
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
Silence may suggest wisdom.
Small confidences mark the onset of a friendship.
Some days you are the bug, some days you are the windshield.
Someone you care about seeks reconciliation.
Soon life will become more interesting.
Soon you will be sitting on top of the world.
Sorrow looks back, worry looks around, faith looks up.
Stand tall. Don't look down upon yourself.
Stop searching, happiness is just next to you.
Strange that psychics have to ask you for your name.
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.
Success is getting what you want.
Take a minute to gaze above and beyond your usual view. You may notice some stains on the ceiling.
Take care and sensitivity you show towards others will return to you.
Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.
Take the high road.
That person with whom you exchanged suggestive glances? No, they didn't fancy you.
The austerity you see around you covers the richness of life like a veil.
The difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits.
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
The harder you work, the luckier you will get.
The heart is wiser than the intellect.
The impossible is often the untried.
The light of a hundred stars cannot equal the light of the moon.
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
The nicer anything tastes, the worse it is for you.
The night life is for you.
The only good is knowledge and the only evil ignorance.
The only reason some people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory.
The only thing that sets us apart from animals is that we're not afraid of vacuum cleaners.
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
The secret to good friends is no secret to you.
The seeds of an idea you planted long ago finally blossom.
The smart thing to do is to begin trusting your intuitions.
The supreme happiness in life is the conviction that we are loved.
The truly generous share, even with the undeserving.
The truth is out there, Anyone know the URL?
The world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible.
There are three types of people the world does not understand: madmen, geniuses and people who mumble.
There is always room at the top.
There is no distance on this earth as far away as yesterday.
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
Time brings everything for those who wait.
Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time.
Today is the conserve yourself, as things just won't budge.
Today, your mouth might be moving but no one is listening.
Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest.
Tonight you will be blinded by passion.
Treat your friends as you treat your most cherished relatives.
Use your eloquence where it will do the most good.
We are born crying, live complaining, and die disappointed.
Welcome change.
Whatever has been attained is attainable.
When in doubt, select one of the classics.
When luck enters, give her a seat.
When people tell you that you have a great personality, they're really thinking, DAMN! You're so ugly!
When you can't solve the problem, manage it.
Where bees are, there is honey.
Why should he, who does not honour his parents when living, mourn for them when dead?
Willingness to compromise is often a sign of strength.
Wisdom goes not always by years.
Wisdom is the sunlight of the soul.
Women's faults are many, men have just two! Everything they say and everything they do!
Work methodically on one problem at a time.
Wow! Bet you aren't shy in the changing rooms!
You always bring others happiness.
You are a person of another time.
You are a person of culture.
You are a practical person with your feet on the ground.
You are a talented storyteller.
You are admired by everyone for your talent and ability.
You are almost there.
You are always welcome in any gathering.
You are busy, but you are happy.
You are generous to an extreme and always think of the other fellow.
You are going to have some new clothes.
You are heading in the right direction.
You are in good hands this evening.
You are never selfish with your advice or your help.
You are next in line for promotion in your firm.
You are offered the dream of a lifetime. Say yes!
You are solid and dependable.
You are soon going to change your present line of work.
You are talented in many ways.
You are the master of every situation.
You are very expressive and positive in words, act and feeling.
You are working hard.
You begin to appreciate how important it is to share your personal beliefs.
You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.
You desire recognition and you will find it.
You don't stop laughing because you grow old. You grow old because you stop laughing.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
You have a friendly heart and are well admired.
You have a shrewd knack for spotting insincerity.
You have a yearning for perfection.
You have an active mind and a keen imagination.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
You have exceeded what was expected.
You have great stories to tell.
You have style and panache.
You have the power to write your own fortune.
You have yearning for perfection.
You heart is pure, and your mind is clear, and soul devout.
You love challenge.
You love Chinese food.
You make people realize that there exist other beauties in the world.
You may only be one person to the world, but you may also be the world to one person.
You must acknowledge your weaknesses to become strong.
You must play the game to win.
You need to reserve more time for yourself.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
You never miss your water until your well runs dry.
You radiate goodness.
You seek to shield those you love and like the role of provider.
You should be able to make money and hold on to it.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
You understand how to have fun with others and to enjoy your solitude.
You were spotted dancing the other night... don't give up the day job.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
You will always get what you want through your charm and personality.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
You will be a great success both in the business world and society.
You will be blessed with longevity.
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
You will be fortunate in everything you put your hands to.
You will be inspired by your conscience.
You will be loved fiercely for yourself.
You will be showered with good luck.
You will be successful in your work.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
You will be unusually successful in business.
You will become a great philanthropist in your later years.
You will become more and more wealthy.
You will enjoy good health.
You will enjoy good health; you will be surrounded by luxury.
You will find great contentment in the daily, routine activities.
You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want.
You will get it all done.
You will have a fine capacity for the enjoyment of life.
You will have gold pieces by the bushel.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
You will inherit a large sum of money.
You will inherit a large sum of money.
You will make change for the better.
You will soon be crossing the great waters.
You will soon be honored by someone you respect.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.
You will take a chance in something in near future.
You will travel far and wide, both for pleasure and business.
You will win success in whatever you adopt.
Your abilities are appreciated.
Your abilities are unparalleled.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
Your best defense strategy is to adopt a cooperative posture.
Your biggest virtue is your modesty.
Your character can be described as natural and unrestrained.
Your difficulties will strengthen you.
Your dreams are never silly; depend on them to guide you.
Your dreams are worth your best efforts to achieve them.
Your eloquence has a persuasive impact.
Your energy returns and you get things done.
Your first love has never forgotten you.
Your generous tendencies bring you admiration.
Your happiness is before you, not behind you! Cherish it.
Your hard work will pay off today.
Your heart will always make itself known through your words.
Your home is the center of great love.
Your ideals are well within your reach.
Your infinite capacity for patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Your kindred spirit is vodka.
Your leadership qualities will be tested and proven.
Your life should be recorded for prosperity.
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
Your life will get more and more exciting.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Your love of music will be an important part of your life.
Your loyalty is a virtue, but not when it's wedded with blind stubbornness.
Your mind is your greatest asset.
Your next meeting will be more productive.
Your quick wits will get you out of a tough situation.
Your success will astonish everyone.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Your work interests can capture the highest status or prestige.
You're never a loser until you quit trying.
You're not a complete idiot, some parts are missing.
You're too good for him.
Chase a dog down a passage, and he will turn again and bite you.
Clever men are sometimes the dupes of their own cleverness.
The man may be bad whilst his manners are not.
Quarrels cannot escape the verdict of public opinion.
The swallow which builds its nest on a bamboo door screen, will find it difficult to rest.
Build a cottage by the roadside, and you will not get it finished in three years.
There will come a time when you wish you'd given love a chance.
We cannot do great things; only small things with great love.
Don't let heartbreak slow down your quest to find love.
A secret admirer is now plotting how to win your heart.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Love is the only medicine for a broken heart.
Only love makes us see ordinary things in an extraordinary way.
Count your blessings by thinking of those who love you.
The greatest gift of all, is love.
Hug your loved ones today.
To love, is to forgive.
Love conquers all.
Friendship is the first step towards love.
Excitement and intrigue follow you closely wherever you go.
Don't be afraid to take the plunge.
Being a spendthrift is not healthy. Practice the act of giving and sharing.
Hope is what keeps us alive.
The dream is within you.
Trust those who return your acts of kindness. Respond with kinder gestures.
Never lose the ability to find beauty in ordinary things.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Nature, love, and patience are the three best physicians.
Your many hidden talents will become obvious to those around you.
Learn to trust in the Lord, for He is your weapon against evil.
Learn to take responsibility for your actions.
In the end, there are three things that last: faith, hope and love.
Do not waste time hating your enemies, pray for them instead.
Tomorrow will be a better day. And if not, there's always chocolate.
You will enjoy doing something different this coming weekend.
You long to see the great pyramids of Egypt.
You have a winning way. Keep it.
You will hear a kind word from a stranger.
Success and happiness will come your way.
You have a sincere desire to improve.
You will enjoy good health and financial independence.
You are soon going to change your present line of work.
You will soon bring joy to someone.
You will have a long and prosperous life.
Someone will need your help this month.
Fame and fortune is coming your way.
Simplicity and clarity should be your theme in dress.
You will need to relax today.
You'll be invited to dine in an adventurous place.
You will be admired for your internal beauty.
You have a natural grace and consideration for others.
You will make a change for the better.
Your talents will be recognized and rewarded.
You will reach a goal for which you have been striving.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
If you look in the right places, you can find some good offerings.
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
You will be fortunate in everything you put your hands on.
Executive ability is prominent in your make up.
Today you will find something you have been looking for.
For today, keep your secrets to yourself.
You are surrounded by true friends.
You will need new clothes for a special occassion.
Expect a change for the better in job or status in the future.
You'll be invited to dine in an adventure place.
You will meet someone famous.
You will travel far and wide for both pleasure and business.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
You may win a contest.
Good opportunity awaits.
You will be made stronger by adversity.
You will receive a promotion soon.
You will inherit money and jewelry.
Your help will be needed in an embarrassing situation.
You will have good luck in the springtime.
A small act of charity will go a long way.
Keep your feet on the ground even though friends flatter you.
There is a tendency to carry activities too far.
At this moment, somone is thinking good thoughts of you.
Your home will be a great source of happiness.
There will be true and sincere friendship between you both.
You may attend a party where strange customs prevail.
Keep your feet on the ground even through friend flatter you.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
Good health is in your future.
You will receive helpful information.
Look for new outlets for your own creative abilities.
Your financial situation will soon improve.
Try to clear up differences with associates.
You will be fortunate in the opportunities presented to you.
Unveil your ideas. Be ready to act on them.
Be content with your lot. One cannot be first in everything.
You will soon be the center of attention.
You will learn something new today.
Your financial situation will soon improve.
You will make a fortune with your friend.
Our first and last love is self-love.
You have an unusual equipment for success, use it properly.
Help! I am being held prisoner in a Chinese bakery!
The greatest danger could be your stupidity.
Because of your melodic nature, the moonlight never misses an appointment.
Never wear your best pants when you go fight for freedom.
If you get a fortune like this, here's a tip: Don't eat the cookie.
Suppose you can get what you want...
What you left behind is more mellow than wine.
A starship ride has been promised to you by the galactic wizard.
Alas! The onion you are eating is someone else's water-lily.
Buy many dream boxes. Ask a friend to select one.
Someone is speaking highly of you.
You will exceed your expectations.
You will read some information that will help you.
You will be receiving an unexpected blessing in the next few days!
Follow your honest beliefs to stay strong.
You are an artistic person. Let your colors show.
New financial resources will soon become available to you.
You will take a chance in something in the near future.
You will receive a fortune cookie.
You are going to have some new clothes.
Someone will invite you to a karaoke party.
Don't behave with cold manners.
Don't forget, you're always on our minds.
Rest is a good thing, but boredom is its brother.
You are filled with life's most precious treasure. Hope!
Don't ask. Don't say. Everything rests in silence.
This is really a lovely day. Congratulations!
Everything is not yet lost.
You will put your data to good use.
Never stop at the weigh station on the road of life.
A friend in need will be out of your way soon.
Encouraging changes are not advertised on T.V.
You will be made stronger by adversity.
You will make an important contact at a social gathering.
You will enjoy doing something different this coming weekend.
You will find fortune.
You will accomplish more later if you have a little fun this weekend.
You shouldn't overspend at the moment. Frugality is important.
You will soon travel on a business trip.
Your place in the path of life is in the driver's seat.
You will follow your heart's desire.
You will make a fortune with your friend.
Versatility is one of your outstanding traits.
You will be presented with a promising business path.
You will travel to many exotic places.
You will strengthen someone's love for you.
Your lover will never wish to leave you.
Your work interest can capture the highest status of prestige.
You may be conservative, cautious, and practical.
You will be made stronger by adversity.
You will be pleasantly surprised by a close friend.
You will be free to take a break from your responsibilities.
Success and happiness will come your way.
You will be happy socially and in your work.
Your work interest can capture the highest status or prestige.
You are contemplative and analytical by nature.
You will have gold pieces by the bushel.
You will be fortunate in everything you put your hands to.
Wealth awaits you very soon.
A happy lot awaits you in matrimony.
Your talents will capture you the highest status and prestige.
Stop searching. Happiness will come to you.
Know the right moment.
An invitation is headed your way.
You will have a chance at good fortune.
A new friend will bring you much happiness.
Someone will need your help today.
You will receive a promotion soon.
Your place in the path of life is the driver's seat.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you soon.
You will make someone happy today.
You will have a very pleasant experience.
Your intuition and guidance will be helpful.
You will use your ideas for great benefit.
You have a friendly heart and are well admired.
You will have a chance at good fortune.
You will be approached with an interesting proposition.
Your wisdom has kept you far away from dangers.
Your talents will be rewarded and recognized.
You will accomplish more if you start now.
An unexpected event will happen today.
You will soon achieve your financial goals.
Good things are coming to you in due course of time.
You will make someone laugh tomorrow.
You will soon bring joy to someone.
Conquer your fears or they will conquer you.
You only need look to your own reflection for inspiration. Because you are beautiful!
Rivers need springs.
Good news from afar may bring you a welcome visitor.
When all else seems to fail, smile for today and just love someone.
When you look down, all you see is dirt, so keep looking up.
If you are afraid to shake the dice, you will never throw a six.
A single conversation with a wise man is better than ten years of study.
Happiness is often a rebound from hard work.
The world may be your oyster, but that doesn't mean you'll get it's pearl.
You're true love will show himself to you under the moonlight.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go where there is no path... and leave a trail.
Do not fear what you don't know.
The object of your desire comes closer.
If you wish to know the mind of a man, listen to his words.
The most useless energy is trying to change what and who God so carefully created.
Do not be covered in sadness or be fooled in happiness they both must exist.
You will have unexpected great good luck.
You will have a pleasant surprise.
All progress occurs because people dare to be different.
Your ability for accomplishment will be followed by success.
We can't help everyone. But everyone can help someone.
Express yourself: Don't hold back!
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
Human evolution: "wider freeway" but narrower viewpoints.
Intelligence is the door to freedom and alert attention is the mother of intelligence.
Back away from individuals who are impulsive.
Enjoyed the meal? Buy one to go too.
You believe in the goodness of mankind.
A big fortune will descend upon you this year.
Now these three remain, faith, hope, and love. The greatest of these is love.
For success today look first to yourself.
Determination is the wake-up call to the human will.
There are no limitations to the mind except those we aknowledge.
A merry heart does good like a medicine.
Whenever possible, keep it simple.
Your dearest wish will come true.
Poverty is no disgrace.
If you don't do it excellently, don't do it at all.
You have an unusual equipment for success, use it properly.
Emotion is energy in motion.
You will soon be honored by someone you respect.
Punctuality is the politeness of kings and the duty of gentle people everywhere.
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
Elegant surroundings will soon be yours.
If you feel you are right, stand firmly by your convictions.
Your smile brings happiness to everyone you meet.
Instead of worrying and agonizing, move ahead constructively.
Do you believe? Endurance and persistence will be rewarded.
A new business venture is on the horizon.
Never underestimate the power of the human touch.
Hold on to the past but eventually, let the times go and keep the memories into the present.
Truth is an unpopular subject. Because it is unquestionably correct.
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said.
You are broad minded and socially active.
Your dearest dream is coming true. God looks after you especially.
You will recieve some high prize or award.
Your present question marks are going to succeed.
You have a fine capacity for the enjoyment of life.
You will live long and enjoy life.
An admirer is concealing his/her affection for you.
A wish is what makes life happen when you dream of rose petals.
Love can turn cottage into a golden palace.
Lend your money and lose your freind.
You will kiss your crush ohhh lalahh.
You will be rewarded for being a good listener in the next week.
If you never give up on love, It will never give up on you.
Unleash your life force.
Your wish will come true.
There is a prospect of a thrilling time ahead for you.
No distance is too far, if two hearts are tied together.
Land is always in the mind of the flying birds.
Try? No! Do or do not, there is no try.
Do not worry, you will have great peace.
It's about time you asked that special someone on a date.
You create your own stage... the audience is waiting.
It is never too late. Just as it is never too early.
Discover the power within yourself.
Good things take time.
Stop thinking about the road not taken and pave over the one you did.
Put your unhappiness aside. Life is beautiful, be happy.
You can still love what you can not have in life.
Make a wise choice everyday.
Circumstance does not make the man; it reveals him to himself.
The man who waits till tomorrow, misses the opportunities of today.
Life does not get better by chance. It gets better by change.
If you never expect anything you can never be disappointed.
People in your surroundings will be more cooperative than usual.
True wisdom is found in happiness.
Ones always regrets what could have done. Remember for next time.
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were once only walls.
Find a peaceful place where you can make plans for the future.
All the water in the world can't sink a ship unless it gets inside.
The earth is a school learn in it.
In music, one must think with his heart and feel with his brain.
If you speak honestly, everyone will listen.
Generosity will repay itself sooner than you imagine.
Good things take time.
Do what is right, not what you should.
To effect the quality of the day is no small achievement.
Simplicity and clearity should be the theme in your dress.
Virtuous find joy while wrongdoers find grieve in their actions.
Not all closed eye is sleeping, nor open eye is seeing.
Bread today is better than cake tomorrow.
In everything there is a piece of truth. But a piece.
A feeling is an idea with roots.
Man is born to live and not prepare to live.
It's all right to have butterflies in your stomach. Just get them to fly in formation.
If you don t give something, you will not get anything.
The harder you try to not be like your parents, the more likely you will become them.
Someday everything will all make perfect sense.
You will think for yourself when you stop letting others think for you.
Everything will be ok. Don't obsess. Time will prove you right, you must stay where you are.
Let's finish this up now, someone is waiting for you on that.
The finest men like the finest steels have been tempered in the hottest furnace.
A dream you have will come true.
The worst of friends may become the best of enemies, but you will always find yourself hanging on.
I think, you ate your fortune while you were eating your cookie.
If you love someone keep fighting for them.
Do what you want, when you want, and you will be rewarded.
Let your fantasies unwind...
The cooler you think you are the dumber you look.
Expect great things and great things will come.
The wheel of good fortune is finally turning in your direction!
Don't lead if you won't lead.
You will always be successful in your professional career.
Share your hapiness with others today.
It's up to you to clearify.
Your future will be happy and productive.
Seize every second of your life and savor it.
Those who walk in other's tracks leave no footprints.
Failure is the mother of all success.
Difficulty at the beginning useually means ease at the end.
Do not seek so much to find the answer as much as to understand the question better.
Your way of doing what other people do their way is what makes you special.
A beautiful, smart, and loving person will be coming into your life.
Friendship is an ocean that you cannot see bottom.
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.
Our duty, as men and women, is to proceed as if limits to our ability did not exist.
A pleasant expeience is ahead:don't pass it by.
Our perception and attitude toward any situation will determine the outcome.
They say you are stubborn; you call it persistence.
Two small jumps are sometimes better than one big leap.
A new wardrobe brings great joy and change to your life.
The cure for grief is motion.
It's a good thing that life is not as serious as it seems to the waiter.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
I have a dream... Time to go to bed.
Ideas you believe are absurd ultimately lead to success!
A human being is a deciding being.
Today is an ideal time to water your parsonal garden.
Some men dream of fortunes, others dream of cookies.
Things are never quite the way they seem.
The project on your mind will soon gain momentum.
Your failures will lead you to your success.
In order to get the rainbow, you must endure the rain.
Beauty is simply beauty. originality is magical.
Your dream will come true when you least expect it.
Let not your hand be stretched out to receive and shut when you should repay.
Don't worry, half the people you know are below average.
Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others.
You don't need talent to gain experience.
A focused mind is one of the most powerful forces in the universe.
Today you shed your last tear. Tomorrow fortune knocks at your door.
Be patient! The Great Wall didn't got build in one day.
Think you can. Think you can't. Either way, you'll be right.
Wisdom is on her way to you.
Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
If you eat a box of fortune cookies, anything is possible.
The best is yet to come.
I'm with you.
Be direct, usually one can accomplish more that way.
A single kind work will keep one warm for years.
Ask a friend to join you on your next voyage.
In God we trust.
Love is free. Lust will cost you everything you have.
Stop searching forever, happiness is just next to you.
You don't need the answers to all of life's questions. Just ask your father what to do.
Jealousy is a useless emotion.
You are not a ghost.
There is someone rather annoying in your life that you need to listen to.
You will plant the smallest seed and it will become the greatest and most mighty tree in the world.
The dream you've been dreaming all your life isn't worth it. Find a new dream, and once you're sure you've found it, fight for it.
See if you can learn anything from the children.
It's never too late for good things to happen!
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
Aim high, time flies.
One is not sleeping, does not mean they are awake.
A great pleasure in life is doing what others say you can't.
Isn't there something else you should be working on right now?
Your father still loves and is in always with you. Remember that.
Before you can be reborn you must die.
It better to be the hammer than the nail.
You are admired by everyone for your talent and ability.
Save the whales. Collect the whole set.
You will soon discover a major truth about the one you love most.
Your life will prosper only if you acknowledge your faults and work to reduce them.
Pray to God, but row towards shore.
You will soon witness a miracle.
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Alas! The onion you are eating is someone else's water lily.
You are a persoon with a good sense of justice, now it's time to act like it.
You create enthusiasm around you.
There are big changes ahead for you. They will be good ones!
You will have many happy days soon.
Out of confusion comes new patterns.
If you love someone enough and they break your heart, you can't stop yourself from still loving them again even after all that pain.
Look right... Now look left... Now look forward (do this really fast) do you feel any different? Good, you should feel dizzy.
Live like you are on the bottom, even if you are on the top.
You will soon emerge victorious from the maze you've been traveling in.
Do not judge a book by it's color.
Everything will come your way.
There is a time to be practical now.
Bend the rod while it is still hot.
Darkness is only succesful when there is no light. Don't forget about light!
Acting is not lying. It is finding someone hiding inside you and letting that person run free.
You will be forced to face fear, but if you do not run, fear will be afraid of you.
You are thinking about doing something. Don't do it, it won't help anything.
Your worst enemy has a crush on you!
Love conquers all.
The phrase is follow your dreams. Not dream period.
Stop nagging to your partner and take it day by day.
Do not think that me or my brothers have supreme control over what will happen to you.
Bad luck and misfortune will follow you all your days.
Remember the fate of the early worm.
Begin your life anew with strength, grace and wonder.
Be a good friend and a fair enemy.
What goes around comes around.
Bad luck and misfortune will infest your pathetic soul for all eternity.
The best prophet of the future is the past.
Movies have pause buttons, friends do not.
Use the force.
Trust your intuition.
Encourage your peers.
Let your imagination wander.
Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.
Patience is key, a wait short or long will have its reward.
Tell them before it's too late...
A bird in the hand is worth three in the bush!!
Be assertive when decisive action is needed.
To determine whether someone is beautiful is not by looking at their appearance, but their heart.
Hope brings about a better future.
While you have this day, fill it with life. While you're in this moment, give it your own special meaning and purpose and joy.
Even though it will often be difficult and complicated, you know you have what it takes to get it done.
You can choose, right now and in every moment, to put your powerful and effective abilities to purposeful use. There is always something you can do, no matter what the situation may be, that will move your life forward.
It is not good to be a user. Blessings come from being a giver not a taker.
Cookie says, "You crack me up."
You will prosper in the field of wacky inventions.
Your tongue is your ambassador.
The cure for grief is movement.
Love is at your hands. Be glad and hold onto it.
You are often asked if it is in yet.
Life to you is a bold and dashing responsibility.
Patience is a key to joy.
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
Today is going to be a disasterous day, be prepared!
Stay to your inner-self, you will benefit in many ways.
Rarely do great beauty and great virtue dwell together as they do in you.
You are talented in many ways.
You are the master of every situation.
Your problem just got bigger. Think, what have you done.
If your cookie still in one piece, buy lotto.
Go with the flow will make your transition ever so much easier.
Tomorrow morning, take a left turn as soon as you leave home.
A metaphor could save your life.
Don't wait for your ship to come in, swim out to it.
There are lessons to be learned by listening to others.
If you want the rainbow, you have to tolerate the rain.
Volition, strength, languages, freedom and power rests in you.
Too many people volunteer to carry the stool when it's time to move the piano.
It takes more than a good memory to have good memories.
You are what you are; understand yourself before you react.
Word to the wise: Don't play leapfrog with a unicorn.
Forgive your enemies, but never forget them.
Everything will now come your way.
Don't worry about the stock market. Invest in family.
Your fortune is as sweet as a cookie.
It is much easier to look for the bad, than it is to find the good.
If a person who has caused you pain and suffering has brought you, reconsider that person's value in your life.
You are worth loving, you are also worth the effort it takes to love you.
Never trouble trouble till trouble troubles you.
Get off to a new start -- come out of your shell.
Life is a dancefloor, you are the DJ!
Cooperate with those who have both know how and integrith.
Minor aches today are likely to pay off handsomely tomorrow.
You are about to become $8.95 poorer. ($6.95 if you had the buffet).
Your mouth may be moving, but nobody is listening.
Focus in on the color yellow tomorrow for good luck!
The problem with resisting temptation is that it may never come again.
All your sorrows will vanish.
About time I got out of that cookie.
Love will lead the way.
The ads revenge is massive success.
It is best to act with confidence, no matter how little right you have to it.
Soon, a visitor shall delight you.
What breaks in a moment may take years to mend.
Someone stole your fortune and replaced it with this one. Your luck sucks. Have a good day!
Take control of your life rather than letting things happen just like that!
You will be rewarded for your patience and understanding.
You will achieve all your desires and pleasures.
Never miss a chance to keep your mouth shut.
Nothing shows a man's character more than what he laughs at.
Never regret anything that made you smile.
Love takes pratice.
Don't take yourself so seriously, no one else does.
You've got what it takes, but it will take everything you've got!
At this very moment you can change the rest of your life.
Become who you are.
All comes at the proper time to him who knows how to wait.
The energy is within you. Money is coming!
The quotes that you do not understand, are not meant for you.
You have an important new business development shaping up.
If love someone a lot tell it before it's too late.
Birds are entangled by their feet and men by their tongues.
Benefit by doing things that others give up on.
Rest has a peaceful effect on your physical and emotional health.
One of the best ways to persuade others is with your ears -- by listening to them.
Plan your work and work your plan.
Over self-confidence is equal to being blind.
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
Love or money, or neither?
Before the beginning of great brilliance, there must be chaos.
Old friends make best friends.
Stop searching forever. Happiness is just next to you.
Accept something that you cannot change, and you will feel better.
Kiss is not a kiss without the heart.
Enhance your karma by engaging in various charitable activities.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
Hope is like food. You will starve without it.
When fire and water go to war, water always wins.
An angry man opens his mouth and shuts up his eyes.
Make the system work for you, not the other way around.
You will be hungry soon, order takeout now.
Be prepared for extra energy.
An unexpected relationship will become permanent.
The love of your life is sitting across from you.
Better be the head of a chicken than the tail of an ox.
To forgive others one more time is to create one more blessing for yourself.
Enjoy yourself while you can.
The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but to hold hands.
Excellence is the difference between what I do and what I am capable of.
Do not let what you do not have prevent you from using what you do have.
What ends on hope does not end at all.
People enjoy having you around. Appreciate this.
You are admired for your adventuous ways.
It's never crowded along the "extra mile."
You are blessed, today is the day to bless others.
The greatest war sometimes isn't on the battlefield but against oneself.
People in your background will be more co-operative than usual.
A good way to stay healthy is to eat more Chinese food.
Anyone who dares to be, can never be weak.
Affirm it, visualize it, believe it, and it`will actualize itself.
The measure of time to your next goal is the measure of your discipline.
Help, I'm prisoner in a Chinese bakery!!!
Take a minute and let it ride, then take a minute to let it breeze.
We are here to love each other, serve each other and uplift each other.
If everybody is a worm you should be a glow worm.
To affirm is to make firm.
Remember this: duct tape can fix anything, so don't worry about messing things up.
You broke my cookie!
Failure is not defeat until you stop trying.
The days that make us happy make us wise.
Men do not fail... they give up trying.
Time may fly by. But memories don't.
You will win success in whatever you adopt.
You will outdistance all your competitors.
You have a great capability to break cookies -- use it wisely!
At times it is better to know when to exit than enter.
Money will come to you when you are doing the right thing.
When you get something for nothing, you just haven't been billed for it yet.
You will discover your hidden talents.
You'll advance for with your abilities.
When you can't naturally feel upbeat it can sometimes help you to act as if you did.
You will overcome difficult times.
Your problem just became your stepping stone. Catch the moment.
I am a fortune. You just broke my little house. Where will i live now?
The majority of the word "can't" is can.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Be most affectionate today.
Change your thoughts and you change the world.
Sing and rejoice, fortune is smiling on you.
All the preparation you've done will finally be paying off!
A truly great person never puts away the simplicity of a child.
Customer service is like taking a bath you have to keep doing it.
The expanse of your intelligence is a void no universe could ever fill.
Those grapes you cannot taste are always sour.
An unexpected aquaintance will resurface.
If you want the rainbow, then you have to tolerate the rain.
You don't get harmony when everyone sings the same note.
The race is not always to the swift, but to those who keep on running.
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
The best things in life aren't things.
Don't bother looking for fault. The reward for finding it is low.
Everything has beauty but not everyone sees it.
Nothing is as good or bad as it appears.
Never cut what you can untie.
Meet your opponent half way. You need the exercise.
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
We cannot change the direction of the wind, but we can adjust our sails.
We could learn a lot from crayons: Some of are sharp, some are pretty, some have weird names, and all are different colors. But they all have to learn to live in the same box.
Use your instincts now.
If you take a single step to your journey, you'll succeed; it's not best to fail.
In the eyes of lovers, everything is beautiful.
Warning, do not eat your fortune.
Demonstrate refinement in everything you do.
Impossible standards just make life difficult.
A different world cannot be build by indifferent people.
Q. What is H2O? A. Caring, 2 parts Hug and 1 part Open-mind.
All troubles you have can pass away very quickly.
Integrity is the essense of everything successful.
For true love? Send real roses preserved in 24kt gold!
Sometimes the object of the journey is not the end, but the journey itself.
Fear is just excitement in need of an attitude adjustment.
The food here taste so good, even a cave man likes it.
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on spending.
Happiness isn't something you remember, it's something you experience.
Oops... Wrong cookie.
The dream is within you.
Love is on its way.
Be direct, usually one can accomplish more that way.
Use your talents. That's what they are intended for.
The troubles you have now will pass away quickly.
See the light at the end of the tunnel.
Your dream will come true when you least expect it.
Don't 'face' reality, let it be the place from which you leap.
Fortune smiles upon you today.
Believing is doing.
Your dynamic eyes have attracted a secret admirer.
You know where you are going and how to get there.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.
Your ability to pick a winner will bring you success.
Humor usually works at the moment of awkwardness.
A good time to finish up old tasks.
Stop procrastinating -- starting tomorrow.
Enthusiastic leadership gets you a promotion when you least expect it.
You love Chinese food.
You are far more influential than you think.
Adjust finances, make budgets, to improve your standing.
Happiness is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to cope with it.
An understanding heart warms all that are graced with it's presense.
Your co-workers take pleasure in your great sense of creativity.
You are one of the people who "goes places in life."
Others enjoy your company.
When in doubt, let your instincts guide you.
A cheerful message is on its way to you.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you tonight.
You cant go down the right path with out first discovering the path to go down.
To courageously shoulder the responsibility of one's mistake is character.
The joyful energy of the day will have a positive affect on you.
You have a strong desire for a home and your family interests come first.
Dogs have owners, cats have staff.
Be patient: in time, even an egg will walk.
You are not a person who can be ignored.
You always know the right times to be assertive or to simply wait.
Reading to the mind is what exercise is to the body.
Eat something you never tried before.
Your life becomes more and more of an adventure!
You need to live authentically, and you can't ignore that.
Make all you can, save all you can, give all you can.
A well-aimed spear is worth three.
To build a better world, start in your community.
When you can't naturally feel upbeat, it can sometimes help to act a if you did.
May you have great luck.
A kind word will keep someone warm for years.
Nothing in the world is accomplished without passion.
Human invented language to satisfy the need to complain.
Accept what comes to you each day.
A small lucky package is on its way to you soon.
In human endeavor, chance favors the prepared mind.
Do not upset the penguin today.
Don't cry.
The best way to give credit is to give it away.
Anything you do, do it well. The last thing you want is to be sorry for what you didn't do.
It takes more then good memory to have good memories.
Grant yourself a wish this year only you can do it.
Love thy neighbour, just don't get caught.
You will be selected for a promotion because of your accomplishments.
There are many new opportunities that are being presented to you.
You will inherit a large sum of money.
You will recieve a gift from someone that cares about you.
You are not illiterate.
Love because it is the only true adventure.
You are contemplating some action which will bring credit upon you.
Keep true to the dreams of your youth.
Treasure what you have.
The greatest precept is continual awareness.
A new friend helps you break out of an old routine.
I have a dream... Time to go to bed.
Your skill will accomplish what the force of many cannot.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.
The best is yet to come.
It is better to be the hammer then the anvil.
He who climbs a ladder must begin at the first step.
Action speaks nothing, without the motive.
Give yourself some peace and quiet for at least a few hours.
Live each day well and wisely.
Old dreams never die they just get filed away.
You can fix it with a little extra energy and a positive attitude.
Life is a verb.
A man without aim is like a clock without hands, as useless if it turns as if it stands.
Many folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Wow! A secret message from you teeth!
You should be able to make money and hold on to it.
The human spirit is stronger than anything that can happen to it.
Your succeess will astonish everyone.
It is better to have a hen tomorrow than an egg today.
Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
You like Chinese food.
Your hard work will get payoff today.
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
No matter what your past has been, you have a spotless future.
Your secret desire to completely change your life will manifest.
Soon you will be sitting on top of the world.
You are never selfish with your advice or your help.
A thrilling time is in store for you.
It's tough to be fascinating.
Soon life will become more interesting.
Luck sometimes visits a fool, but it never sits down with him.
Keep your plans secret for now.
Aren't you glad you just had a great meal?
Traveling this year will bring your life into greater perspective.
Only talent people get help from others.
Constant grinding can turn an iron nod into a needle.
You will be successful in your work.
You will spend old age in confort and material wealth.
When you're about to turn your heart into a stone remember: you do not walk alone.
I am a bad luck person since I was born.
You are vigorous in words and action.
The one who snores will always fall asleep first.
An alien of some sort will be appearing to you shortly!
Rest is a good thing, but boredom is its brother.
Do not be overly judgemental of your loved one's intentions or actions.
Think of how you can assist on a problem, not who to blame.
The life of every woman or man -- the heart of it -- is pure and holy joy.
Take it easy.
Trust your intuition. The universe is guiding your life.
Use your head, but live in your heart.
Don't find fault, find a remedy.
It may be those who do most, dream most.
Your passions sweep you away.
Listen to yourself more often.
Think of mother's exhortations more.
The gambler is like the fisherman both have beginners luck.
You are given the chance to take part in an exciting adventure.
The simplest answer is to act.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
Keep your feet on the ground even though friends flatter you.
You are the man of righteousness and integrity.
He who seeks will find.
The smart thing to do is to begin trusting your intuitions.
Your many hidden talents will become obvious to those around you.
Pick a path with heart.
The human spirit is stronger then anything that can happen to it.
It takes more than good memory to have good memories.
Face facts with dignity.
Be calm when confronting an emergency crisis.
Do you believe? Endurance and persistence will be rewarded.
A new wardrobe brings great joy and change in your life.
Everyone agrees you are the best.
A new outlook brightens your image and brings new friends.
Everything will now come your way.
You will be called to fill a position of high honor and responsibility.
The eyes believe themselves; the ears believe other people.
Good beginning is half done.
Some pursue happiness; you create it.
It's the worst of times, you need to summon your optimism.
You are cautious in showing your true self to others.
Your ability to accomplish tasks will follow with success.
We all have extraordinary coded within us, waiting to be released.
You will have a bright future.
Compassion is a way of being.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
The pleasure of what we enjoy is lost by wanting more.
Did you remember to order your take out also?
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on that one thing..
Right now there's an energy pushing you in a new direction.
Everybody feels lucky for having you as a friend.
When the moment comes, take the top one.
Sometimes travel to new places leads to great transformation.
There is always a way -- if you are committed.
Life is too short to waste time hating anyone.
All the world may not love a lover but they will be watching him.
Don't just spend time, invest it.
Life always gets harder near the summit.
Take the chance while you still have the choice.
It is much easier to be cirtical than to be correct.
Enjoy life! It is better to be happy than wise.
To make the cart go, you must grease the wheels.
You are contemplating some action which will bring credit upon you.
Before you wonder "Am I doing things right," ask "Am I doing the right things?"
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
You will always get what you want through your charm and personality.
The big issues are work, career, or status right now.
Your emotional currents are flowing powerfully now.
Any decision you have to make tomorrow is a good decsion.
Consume less. Share more. Enjoy life.
The secret of staying young is good health and lying about your age.
Spring has sprung. Life is blooming.
Go ask your mom.
The possibility of a career change is near.
The important thing is to never stop questioning.
Compassion will cure more then condemnation.
Excuses are easy to manufacture, and hard to sell.
Put your mind into planning today. Look into the future.
Listen to life, and you will hear the voice of life crying, Be!
Broke is only temporary. Poor is a state of mind.
Here we go. "Moo Shu Cereal" for breakfast with duck sauce.
Teamwork: the fuel that allows common people attain uncommon results.
Hard words break no bones, fine words butter no parsnips.
We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.
You are offered the dream of a lifetime. Say yes!
Working out the kinks today will make for a better tomorrow.
You have a curious smile and a mysterious nature.
Questions provide the key to unlocking our unlimited potential.
You will enjoy razon-sharp spiritual vision today.
The wise are aware of their treasure, while fools follow their vanity.
Well-arranged time is the surest sign of a well-arranged mind.
Never bring unhappy feelings into your home.
This is really a lovely day. Congratulations!
Bad luck and ill misfortune will infest your pathetic soul for all eternity.
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.
You are very grateful for the small pleasures of life.
Today you should be a passenger. Stay close to a driver for a day.
For hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is conquered by love.
Service is the rent we pay for the privilege of living on this planet.
Good clothes open many doors. Go shopping.
The leader seeks to communicate his vision to his followers.
Great works are performed not by strength, but by perseverance.
People who are late are often happier than those who have to wait for them.
Present your best ideas today to an eager and welcoming audience.
Friends long absent are coming back to you.
The time is right to make new friends.
Life to you is a dashing and bold adventure.
You may be hungry soon: order a takeout now.
Do not hesitate to look for help, an extra hand should always be welcomed.
How can you have a beautiful ending without making beautiful mistakes?
Humor is an affirmation of dignity.
He who climbs a ladder must begin at the first step.
What's vice today may be virtue tomorow.
You have an unusually magnetic personality.
You will travel to many places.
Accept yourself.
Be a generous friend and a fair enemy.
Never quit!
Old friends, old wines and old gold are best.
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be granted.
Every friend joys in your success.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
You will enjoy good health, you will be surrounded by luxury.
You are a person of strong sense of duty.
Dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so shall you become.
You have a quiet and unobtrusive nature.
Great thoughts come from the heart.
You love peace.
Judge not according to the appearance.
One who admires you greatly is hidden before your eyes.
Traveling more often is important for your health and happiness.
You will be sharing great news with all people you love.
You have a reputation for being straightforward and honest.
You are always welcome in any gathering.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
Open up your heart -- it can always be closed again.
Being happy is not always being perfect.
Next time you have the opportunity, go on a rollercoaster.
Try everything once, even the things you don't think you will like.
Life is too short to hold grudges.
Dream your dream and your dream will dream of you.
Being alone and being lonely are two different things.
Don't worry about things in the past, there is nothing you can do about them now. Don't worry about things that are happening now, make the best of a bad situation. Don't worry about things in the future, they may never happen.
Tomorrow, take a moment to do something just for yourself.
Someone close to you is waiting for you to call.
A virtual fortune cookie will not satisfy your hunger like that of a home made one.
Smile. Tomorrow is another day.
You can never been certain of success, but you can be certain of failure if you never try.
It takes ten times as many muscles to frown as it does to smile.
Shoot for the moon! If you miss you will still be amongst the stars.
Keep your eyes open. You never know what you might see.
Tell them what you really think. Otherwise, nothing will change.
Let your heart make your decisions -- it does not get as confused as your head.
Working hard will make you live a happy life.
A pleasant surprise is waiting for you.
